{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Sort by City first, then by Category\par
Stage/Region column = city\line City column = suburbs\line If State/Region is empty, fall back to city.\par
\par
Naming scheme:\line\i category_name+space+number_of_entries\i0 .csv\line\b Possible alternative: \b0\i category_name+space+city+space+number_of_entries\i0 .csv\i\line\i0 Where num_of_entries = rows -1 (for the column headers)\par
There will need to be some custom categories to combine various processed sheets.\line e.g. Civil Engineering 003.csv + Civil Engineer 002.csv = Engineering 005.csv\par
[12/17/2020 4:32:10 PM] Logan Francisco: Hello, I am a software engineering student graduating in June of this year. I may be new to Upwork but I have extensive experience and a background in programming and Software Engineering with now 4 NASA internships working on everything from lab utilities to scalable fiber-optic sensing system digital signal processing. I have experience in both embedded systems programming and python utilities. I am looking for projects during winter break and in addition to my low class load in the upcoming term at University.\par
\par
I intend to work for cheap to gain experience on the Upwork platform and look forward to potential work in the future. I am familiar with the subject matter of this job as I have made similar csv manipulating python scripts while an intern at NASA and during projects in University. You can see a few more details on my resume (attached).\par
\par
I will always see a project through until the customer is satisfied and excel at precise communication.\par
\par
If that works for you, let\rquote s schedule a call or video chat to discuss the project! I\rquote m available from 10am to 8pm M-F, or I can schedule something at your convenience.\par
\par
For a project like this, I can start work immediately after the proposal is accepted.\par
\par
Logan Francisco\par
Software Engineer\par
LinkedIn: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.linkedin.com/in/logan-francisco/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.linkedin.com/in/logan-francisco/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
GitHub: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Lwfrancisco }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Lwfrancisco\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Personal Website (WIP): {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://website.insurgent-tech.us/ }}{\fldrslt{http://website.insurgent-tech.us/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:32:10 PM] Steven Brough: Thanks for the generous offer Logan.\par
\par
I have files with multiple categories in them and I want to split them into different files. I also want the cities seperated out so some categories may have to be split into different cities. I also want to include the row count, or record count (excluding the column headers.\par
\par
To simplify the requirements:\par
\par
Operation 1. Select one or multiple CSV files and split into different combinations of Category and City and add the Row Count to the file name.\par
\par
Operation 2. Combine files together with a custom Category and City and add the Row Count to the file name.\par
\par
Here is a rough video {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FcmFrF2upA6JVLIrl9mGtVm6of8eX1iU/view?usp=drivesdk }}{\fldrslt{https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FcmFrF2upA6JVLIrl9mGtVm6of8eX1iU/view?usp=drivesdk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Let me know your thoughts.\par
\par
Regards\par
Steven\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:36:40 PM] Steven Brough: Sample File {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://is.gd/n4JNjw State/Region }}{\fldrslt{https://is.gd/n4JNjw State/Region\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  = City\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:39:26 PM] Steven Brough: If State/Region cell is empty fall back to City column\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:41:16 PM] Steven Brough: This can be done as a web application if it is easier.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:42:28 PM] Logan Francisco: A small windows application would likely be easier. Please give me a moment to review the subject matter.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:42:47 PM] Steven Brough: Sure\par
Thanks\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:44:44 PM] Steven Brough: In the spreadsheet the City column displays suburbs, where the State/Region displays the Cities\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:54:45 PM] Logan Francisco: I would like to confirm something: When of the same category (e.g. Civil Engineer), the program should always separate into separate files if they are from a separate city.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 4:55:34 PM] Steven Brough: Yes\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:02:15 PM] Logan Francisco: Awesome. Additionally, all row data should be preserved. Correct?\par
\par
Lastly, do you know if there are any instances of completely empty location information? If so, shall I group all of these together?\par
\par
If so, then I could create a python script following these requirements by end-of-day, Pacific Time (PST).\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:05:30 PM] Steven Brough: Yes, all row data should be preserved\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:05:32 PM] Steven Brough: The spreadsheet sample I sent you has missing fields for State/Region. I can check this befor processing the speadsheet andd make sure all cells are complete\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:05:54 PM] Steven Brough: Sounds great\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:07:46 PM] Steven Brough: I dont know much about Python, is it a desktop program?\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:10:43 PM] Logan Francisco: Great. Yes, I will make it a desktop program - Python is just the method (or programming language) I will use to fulfill this task.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:11:12 PM] Steven Brough: Thanks, I will hire you now. Thanks Logan.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:11:30 PM] Logan Francisco: Thank you! Look forward to working on this.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:12:09 PM] Steven Brough: Great, I will be around for the next 8 hours if you have any questions.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:12:50 PM] Steven Brough: Ther is just one thing I need you to be aware of. Give me 5 mins\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:12:56 PM] Logan Francisco: Sure thing\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:17:07 PM] Steven Brough: This is concerning files with different columns...\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:24:53 PM] Steven Brough: This is the master\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:28:54 PM] Logan Francisco: Yes, I understand - joining two spreadsheets with different column formats could be a problem. The master should be perfect for mitigating this. As for deliverables, do you have any restrictions on csv file count that the desktop app will need to work with?\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:31:35 PM] Steven Brough: Thats great about the columns. I asked if I could process multiple files at the same time, I will mainly use this for the files I have already created. Let me know the recommended amount of files to process at once and I will run with that.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:33:42 PM] Steven Brough: As far as rows inside the files, there will never be more than hundred or so\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:34:19 PM] Logan Francisco: 3 input files would be a solid starting point - but more are possible.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:34:39 PM] Steven Brough: Okay, sounds great. Thanks.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:34:59 PM] Steven Brough: Ill do the hire now. Thanks Logan\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:35:28 PM] Logan Francisco: Thank you very much, I'll start on this after dinner.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:35:42 PM] Steven Brough: :)\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:36:15 PM] Steven Brough: Hi\par
\par
I would rather this be created as a Windows program rather than Excel Macros.\par
\par
I have a program that creates CSV files full of data and in each file is a column called 'Category' containing different categories. In the same file, there are multiple rows with the same category and singles rows with a different category.\par
\par
\par
>>> 1. I want to run a program that will spit the spreadsheet into a different CSV file for each category.\par
\par
\par
Categories inside spreadsheet:\par
\par
Concrete contractor\par
Concrete contractor\par
Cleaning service\par
Civil engineering company\par
Civil engineering company\par
Civil engineering company\par
Civil engineer\par
Civil engineer\par
Carpet cleaning service\par
Carpet cleaning service\par
\par
When split into different files they will look like this:\par
\par
Concrete contractor 002.csv\par
Cleaning service 001.csv\par
Civil engineering company 003.csv\par
Civil engineer 002.csv\par
Carpet cleaning service 002.csv\par
\par
002 at the end means there are 2 records inside the spreadsheet e.g. Concrete contractor has two records (see above).\par
\par
\par
>>> 2. I want to run another program that joins all the files in a folder and applies a new name to go in the Categories Column e.g. I might have 2 files named:\par
\par
\par
Civil engineering company 003.csv\par
Civil engineer 002.csv\par
\par
I want to join them together into a file with the category 'Engineering', so I will end up with a file called 'Engineering 005.csv' and inside the spreadsheet every row will have 'Engineering' as the category.\par
\par
We will need to include a Master spreadsheet with all column options, some CSV files will have all colun data some may have a few columns missing, it depends on what data I export when I create the original CSV file.\par
\par
Budget $30\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:40:01 PM] Logan Francisco: Thanks again, I'll let you know if I have any further questions or issues\par
\par
[12/17/2020 5:40:40 PM] Steven Brough: Sure, here when you need me.\par
\par
[12/17/2020 6:56:40 PM] Logan Francisco: Thank again!\par
}
 